jontron
last time on jontron drama I'm sorry
we've lost the baby oh god no no I mean
like we've literally lost we can't find
him it's gone romance
god damn it I love you what do you mean
you love me why would you say that
playing hard to get are you action you
don't want to miss this stay tuned for
more of jontron wait wait hold on hold
on
I don't remember any of that happening
that is not what happened in the last
episode what I do remember is that we
played a ton of games based on fast food
marketing campaigns but if you thought
we were done oh how wrong you were next
on the list the noid this was one of the
strangest marketing campaigns of all
time for Domino's Pizza what exactly did
they think this would do for their brand
feature that just wasn't right what time
I got annoyed the pepperonis didn't come
on my delivery pizza that I forgot to
put them on is do a pizza well then he
just sounds like a bad guy to hang
around then doesn't he the Domino's
Pizza
the noise is this really a testament to
the pizza the box it's packaged in it I
don't know what the appeal was here but
apparently he was popular enough to get
his own game hmm not gonna tip on this
delivery the game starts off with a yo
noid update wild creatures led by mr.
green are a sailing New York City well
that don't sound too good the mayor
knows that only the noid has the power
to stop them the mayor spelled MA y ER
huh I'll assume he's referring to John
Mayer yes very popular in the yo noid
universe for uh because of how much he
looks like a big pepperoni using his
super yo-yo and other inventions he will
try that's it
he will try well that's all you could
ask us somebody isn't it ah yes the very
accurate map of New York City we've got
here of course pictured after a
devastating nuclear holocaust has
ravaged the world and grass and weeds
have consumed the lands but at least
Trump towers still survived I started
off in Brooklyn my father gave me a
small loan of a million dollars I came
into Manhattan Oh God this is the
alternate universe where Trump wins
isn't it this first level here is
already excruciating the perspective on
the water is all out of whack it's
completely disorienting sometimes you
think you land on the wood but you'll
just touch the water and die or some
fish will come up from beneath you and
[__] your [__] up
there's no checkpoint so you have to do
each level in one beautiful run it's
hard
welcome to the pizza eating contest
oh boy I think I can win this one way
too much to the pizza the area champion
goes first huh the [__] does that mean
after the end of each level you get to
this strange card game thing apparently
the pink guy's the area champion I don't
really understand the rules at all
how many pizzas do I want but what kind
of question is that
give me them all from what I can gather
you just pick a bigger number than he
picks and whoever picks the bigger
number wins the battle the first the
fill is pizza meter down here wins
overall pizza meter I said pizza meter
don't forget that ever tell that you
kids
tell us your grandchildren so it's just
luck I guess why would you ever pick
this smaller number hehehe I cream yeah
okay just as long as it's not on my
delivery guy isn't that overdoing it and
you're the one that's the supposed
champion of this [__] you're the one
making me do it
oh I get it now I need to eat a pizza
because I'm having a [__] panic
attack over here I need it I've got a
stress eat chester Cheetah also at his
own game way back when chester Cheetah
too cool to fool God I move so slow is
that some sort of joke he's a cheetah I
think this is the slowest video game
character of all time I mean that that
turtle is faster love to be fair he is
on roller skate so it's not really a
fair fight maybe this is the actual
speed of a cheetah who's been fed an
exclusive diet of cheetos his entire
life the music to it just gets in your
head man
if you want to run which is still not
fast by the way if you could believe it
it might be slower you got to hold down
a button and then he's like that yeah
I'm gonna do it he doesn't even do it
right away it's the most unsatisfying
anti-climactic thing ever but at least I
can hump the ground in the pipe in a
cave pipe can't get to the exit but I
can do this yeah uh-huh
you ain't touching this come back when
you're older daddy-o hey what about the
kool-aid man he's kind of interesting
does he have any games I could have
sworn I had something around here but I
thought I misplaced it
Hey Dude what's up yeah
here's your game buddy you're cooling
game here man who you got I'm the cool
guy
yeah there it is oh thanks no problem
buddy hey did you want some kool-aid
before I left it yeah okay you wanna try
a little cooling okay punch me in the
liver did what I'd say just once man oh
that was [__] up all right this is
kool-aid man three Atari
I'm gonna remember this moment for the
rest of my life in this you play as a
jug of kool-aid I guess if you touch any
of these cherry bomb' guys your pitcher
goes all around the goddamn place
bouncing from wall to wall but
occasionally the cherry bombs stopped to
take a diabetic sugar lined piss and
then for some reason at that point you
can collect them huh what I can't move
anymore
the talkest mic has only just begun I
have no idea what just happened the game
just stopped I mean I'm in a real loss
it just went black and stopped I'm not
even trying to make a joke here can
anyone make sense of this I know it's an
old game but it's not even trying to be
coherent so I'll fill you in
apparently what's happening here is that
below all of this is a body of water
very obvious I know that these guys
known as Thirsty's are sucking up
through straws yeah those are straws I
guess not sure what the multicolored
thing is about but hey like I said this
was 1983 anything was possible they
elected Ronald Reagan and he was
pictured at least several times with the
chimpanzee here and the United States
though is also in the feature film
bedtime for Bonzo you know you can only
collect these guys if they're drinking
the water if the water goes down all the
way you lose
truth be told I don't know why didn't
buy this game twice up next the
California Raisins also known as one of
the most terrifying commercial campaigns
to ever grace the United States they
made Michael Jackson a drag the King of
Pop they've made him a son reached great
now you may not even have known this
game existed but that's because it
technically doesn't this game was fully
finished and then never released the few
real copies of it that do exist are held
in very high value so I happen to have a
reproduction card here it starts up with
this nice splash screen okay there's
some judge raisins on a stand Cal Rab
what does that mean is that short for
California Raisins ban if so why is it
on the judge stand do they own the state
the story here is that the California
Raisins have been kidnapped along with
all their music but you know did you
save an mp3 somewhere you could just you
know burn a couple on a disc then it's
not lost anymore in this game you
apparently attack by scooping a piece of
your stomach out and throwing it at the
enemy by the end of this level there
won't be much of them left it plays
pretty close
what you'd expect from a platformer from
this era I mean it's not great but I
don't see why it was cancelable I mean
they already spent all the money on
making it there's dead ends on
practically every level which is really
annoying
but the bosses are pretty cool I guess I
mean I think but the cool subjective
really God has forsaken us okay that was
the last boss I put him out of his
misery I don't know if all this was
worth it guys
Congrats your 800k when you beat the
game that says congrats you raisins and
it was worth it
alright here's a more straightforward
one pepsi invaders
it's just space invaders but for pepsi
but wait a second up there it says coke
so who's this game supposed to advertise
for Coke or Pepsi well wait a sec coke
wins but this is before the game even
starts I didn't do anything this is
irrelevant to the matter at hand this is
just a statement oh I see so you're
shooting Pepsi as Coke you're destroying
them very subtle guys after some
research I found out that unsurprisingly
this is an altered version of space
invaders but it was commissioned by
coca-cola themselves for their 1983
sales convention in some circles the
game is just referred to as coke winds
probably a reference to that nice one
guys
classy I'm sure everyone was very
impressed can you imagine them putting
this up on a big screen at a convention
I mean how insecure you gotta be there
were only about 125 copies made total
nowadays they can go up for $1,300 or
more
what if you wait for the pee to come
down and kill you it just never does
what can I say guys you have such a
superior product that Pepsi can't even
win when it wins ok coke we get it you
had your chance let's see how a tasteful
company like Pepsi would market their
product now we're getting into some deep
[__] I don't know if I'm ready for that
also what what what what believe it or
not what you just witnessed was not the
confiscated home videotape of a serial
killers mad ramblings it was an official
cutscene from Pepsi Zone official
PlayStation 1 classic Pepsi man look at
this is how it really starts from moment
one it looks like a snuff film or
something as puzzling as it is Pepsi
made the choice to include all this
live-action footage as part of the game
the game was Japan exclusive but all the
cutscenes take place in Los Angeles
California with this guy oh jeez
shoenice over here he speaks English -
he subtitled in Japanese look I even
found the exact corner is on here in the
city of Inglewood represent let's get
together and make this a hallowed sight
huh put up a monument or two it looks
like this guy left such a legacy you ran
the whole block out of business
except for that I'll play a local of
course cuz let's face it our body needs
the Crazy Chicken hey what do you see in
there actually don't tell me I want to
keep that part of myself intact you're
doing pretty good that doesn't mean much
coming from you in this world everyone
relies on Pepsi man to solve their
problems by restocking Pepsi machines
yeah ok checks out I got a call that a
vending machine ahead we ran out of
Pepsi
and I was just on my way there oh my god
that's like real desperation in that
man's voice he sounds like his family's
been taken hostage whoa okay this is
crazy I can't believe I've never heard
of this you run through the streets and
even people's homes while collecting
Pepsi cans and dodging Pepsi trucks and
other obstacles the comedic timing here
is greats very Japanese I don't know
though there's just something unsettling
about this it's got a Truman Show thing
going on
there's no music and everything in this
world is Pepsi they live they die for
Pepsi Pepsi is the currency but Pepsi is
also the enemy Pepsi stops us but it
keeps us going to Pepsi is the hero and
the villain the good and the bad again
in the a one thing cannot be wholly good
or wholly evil that would be naive and
unrealistic to assume yes even our
corporate Titans have a crack in their
facade well their logo it makes so much
sense now the blue represents the Pepsi
and the red represents the Pepsi and the
white represents an intricate inside job
carried out by reptilians Pepsi hung on
a cross he died for your sins
he was then jabbed in the side with a
spear by the Romans and America what
came out was Pepsi and the Roman soldier
he drank from the Pepsi and he said well
objectively I just prefer Coke and then
three days later the Pepsi was flat
everything's going dark well grimbo
bring me a cold one Oh
Rambo drink too much whoa whoa no
Grimble Grimble come back to me come
back to me
Hey
anyone home we notice that the trekking
sheep in your last macaulay culkin head
buzz broke so we brought to your
emergency replacement oh wow
what happened here sorry I mean I was
playing these video games based on food
and I guess things got a little carried
away
oh my god I see now I finally get it
it's all clear the true meaning of
Thanksgiving isn't food
but thanks for family but being a good
balanced person with personal
responsibility did that video games
cause everything that's wrong in the
world like obesity real-life violence
and assange a name that makes perfect
sense I see now make it is hilarious
god bless the US media
a lot of you come to me asking how to
make a youtube video or just a video in
general really well it just so happens
my sponsor for this episode lynda.com
has all the answers you seek anything
ranging from software questions to the
more creative questions they just so
happen to give wonderful tutorials on
Adobe Premiere Adobe After Effects and
Photoshop all of which we use here at
jontron but that's not all primarily
there an online learning platform that
has over 3,800 on-demand video courses
on everything ranging from learning how
to run or start a business learning a
new technology or just learning how to
do this but if you go to lynda.com slash
jontron you can get a 10 day free trial
no strings attached I'm telling you
these are some really quality tutorials
they'll help you a lot so thank you so
much for watching I hope lynda.com helps
you sharpen your personal or
professional skills just don't sharpen
it too much because then you'll become a
blade you might hurt somebody